[Music]
the following video says the word but 24
times but is it spelled with two T's or
just what you be the judge
Brazilian bubble butts look drool-worthy
but we tend to think a cheating them is
next to impossible unless you sweat the
entire day at the gym but this
assumption is far from the truth
with simple yet effective exercises that
can be done in the comfort of your home
you can achieve the perfect round but in
no time and what's more the exercises
I'll show you today require no equipment
so let's get started
number one rainbow lift this exercise is
popular among celebrities so if it works
for them it should probably work for you
too
to do this exercise start by getting on
all fours your palms should be shoulder
width apart and your hips should be
right over your needs lift the left leg
up and move it across the right leg to
the opposite side forming an arch once
the toe touches the floor bring the leg
back to its original extended position
repeat 20 times for the left leg and
then 20 times for the right leg the
exercise gets its name because of this
motion it's as if you're drawing a
rainbow using your feet the rainbow lift
helps move your glutes both up and down
and back and forth it works all three of
your gluteus muscles and as an added
bonus your abs as well number two donkey
kicks and don't be fooled by the name
this exercise is super efficient if you
want to tone the muscles of your but
what's more enticing is that this
exercise also helps to sculpt your abs
and strengthen the spine to start get on
all fours your palm should be shoulder
width apart and your knees should be
placed right under your hips keeping the
right knee bent at
90 degrees lift your leg up go up as far
as you can without stressing after the
leg reaches the top hold on to the
position for a second and then lower
your knee without touching the floor and
lift again repeat 20 times now do the
same with your left leg well this is a
rather simple exercise keep in mind that
you shouldn't over arch your back while
doing it it might do you more harm than
good
number 3 fire hydrant kicks gee I wonder
where they got that name this exercise
works your abs glutes hips and lower
body so you'll be more than bootylicious
you'll have want worthy abs as well
start by getting on all fours with your
knees and palms shoulder-width apart
keeping the knee bent raise the right
leg to the side pause for two seconds
and then straighten the leg lower the
leg back to the floor repeat 15 times
and then do the same for your left leg
number four bound tiger pulse this yoga
pose warms and stretches the back
muscles and spine
although the tiger pose has many
versions we'll stick with a classic one
here start by kneeling on all fours then
lift your right leg upward so that it's
in line with your torso slowly bend your
knee so that your foot gets closer to
your head in this position your toe
should point toward your head stay in
this position for about 10 to 15 seconds
if staying in this position becomes a
strain you can use the opposite hand to
hold your foot now bring the leg down
and Bend so that the knee approaches the
chest lower your head and try to touch
your forehead with your knee hold this
position for 10 to 15 seconds now get
back to the starting position perform it
five times for each leg
apart from toning your butt this
exercise strengthens the muscles of the
digestive system boosting metabolism and
promoting digestion
[Music]
five squats squats need no introduction
they're among the most popular and
effective exercises with a whole lot of
benefits they target multiple muscles in
your entire lower body including your
quadriceps glutes hamstrings and your
whole posterior what's that it's your
butt let's start by standing upright
with feet spread shoulder-width apart
push your hips backward squat down and
then come up if you're a beginner squat
down only until you're uncomfortable and
don't try to overdo it
it'll only put undue pressure on the
knees which isn't good there's no need
to push yourself with time you'll become
perfect squat about twenty to thirty
times number six curtsy squats these are
an excellent exercise if you want to
toned butt and shapely inner thighs even
though they're simple to do beginners
often end up doing it incorrectly so
let's take a look at how to do it the
right way start by standing upright with
your feet together now move your left
leg behind and to the right across your
right leg then both your knees as if you
are curtsying and join your palms near
the center of your chest in the classic
namaste pose now bring the left leg to
the starting position and repeat this
exercise 20 times now repeat the same
with your right leg 20 times the most
common mistake people make is that they
overextend their butt outward and
therefore their hip gets angled
backwards
number seven ski squats while skiing
might be hard to master this Namesake
exercise isn't although extremely simple
ski squats just like its other squat
siblings are very effective in targeting
the butt muscles start by standing
upright with your feet close together
sink down and rise up as you would while
doing normal squats do 15 reps or just
repeat the exercise for 40 seconds in
normal squats the feet are wide apart
keeping the feet together in this
exercise works more precise muscles that
makes your butt shapely ski squats not
only give your butt a facelift while
that's a picture it also strengthens and
tones your lower legs and calves
it's the perfect exercise if you want
well toned legs and a well toned you're
waiting for me to say but now aren't you
number eight sumo walk come on don't
start imagining a sumos but I can't help
myself all right stay with me here this
exercise is great for toning your glutes
hip flexors and quadriceps it also
engages the hamstrings if you find the
exercise tough to do when you start try
walking slowly later when you get
comfortable you can switch to a faster
pace so let's see how it's done as the
name suggests start by getting into a
sumo wrestler like stance stand with
your feet wide apart and your toes
slightly pointed outward maintain a
squat position and begin to move to the
right take 15 steps after the 15 steps
toward the right take 15 steps toward
the left until you get back to the spot
where you started
oh and wearing the sumo costume is of
course optional number 9 glute bridge
this is an excellent exercise for people
who spend long hours at the office
sitting at a desk it strengthens the
glutes hamstrings hip muscles lower back
muscles and promotes better path
to do this exercise start by lying flat
on your back with your arms resting at
your sides and palms placed firmly on
the ground bend your knees so that your
shin is perpendicular to the ground pull
in your belly to engage the core now
lift your lower back and hips so that
your body forms a straight line from
your shoulders to your knees hold it for
a couple of seconds and lower down while
doing this exercise
people often arch their back when
lifting it up this should be avoided
since it puts a lot of pressure on the
back number ten mal asana or deep squat
any squat is perfect for shaping your
butt but mal asana or deep squat is
among those that specifically target the
buttock region this simple yoga pose not
only sculpture rear but it also
stretches your neck
hamstrings spine and ankles as an added
benefit it also aids digestion and
improves metabolism to begin stand
straight with your feet wide apart bend
your knees and sink down until your hips
are lower than your knees don't get
disheartened if you can't squat very
deep go down as much as possible you'll
get better with time bring your palms
together near the center of your chest
in an honest day like pose your forearms
should be almost perpendicular to your
palms your knees should be so far apart
that the elbows touch the knees stay in
this position for one minute before
coming back to the starting position
[Music]
eleven awkward pose yoga this yoga pose
has so many benefits that you'll almost
forget that getting a beautiful butt is
one of them among its advantages are
correcting your posture improving body
balance reducing stress and combating
depression
it also tones the leg muscles and
strengthens the ankles to begin start by
standing upright with your knees spread
hip width apart raise your arms up
towards the ceiling and join your palms
start bending your knees and exhale try
bending till the thighs are almost
parallel to the ground if in this
position your knees are bent the hips
are back the chest is forward and the
arms are above the head then you've got
the posture right hold on to the
position for as long as you can then
rise to the standing position repeat
five times okay you now know that
getting the butt of your dreams isn't
unachievable it just takes a little
effort and a bit of perseverance
so when are you going to begin let me
know down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey there's no buts about it
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life
[Music]